[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> New documentary.
>> It's wonderful with
this incredible orchestra
that's playing the symphony of
the self in a natural harmonic
resonant frequency.
Now the question is, how does
sound heal and transform?
>> This week on Gaia.
>> You have electric
current in your body,
and you have a magnetic
field around you.
And when we work in
this magnetic field
that's when the magic
can really happen.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> I've never been told by my
higher self to take an action
step that didn't
have a huge payoff.
I've always been totally amazed.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> To be relaxed with
who and what we are,
there is no need
to change others.
>> On Cosmic Disclosure.
>> As we find our place in
the inner galactic community,
it's not without some position
of authority and responsibility
because we're really good
at the things that we do.
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]